docs: Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#10045)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute to Vulkan Source Repositories

The source code for The Vulkan-ValidationLayer components is sponsored by Khronos and LunarG.
While there are often active and organized development efforts underway to improve their coverage,
opportunities always exist for anyone to help by contributing additional validation layer checks
and tests.

> ## Incomplete VUIDs

Author: We don't have missing VUs like we use to, no one is going to go searching for these, so this information is not really needed

* Use the existing GitHub forking and pull request process.
  This will involve [forking the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/),
  creating a branch with your commits, and then [submitting a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
* Please read and adhere to the style and process guidelines enumerated below. Some highlights:
  - Source code must follow the repo coding style guidelines, including a pass through a clang-format utility
  - Implemented VUID checks must be accompanied by relevant tests
  - Validation source code should be in a separate commit from the tests, unless there are interdependencies. The repo should compile and
    pass all tests after each commit.
* Please base your fixes on the `main` branch. SDK branches are generally not updated except for critical fixes needed to repair an SDK release.
* The resulting Pull Request will be assigned to a repository maintainer. It is the maintainer's responsibility to ensure the Pull Request
  passes the Google/LunarG internal CI processes. Once the Pull Request has been approved and is passing internal CI, a repository maintainer
  will merge the PR.

> ### **Coding Conventions and Formatting**

Author: summed this up as 

1. We have clang-format enforcing things
2. Just look at code around and be similar please

> - If fixing a bug, we would like a test.

Reviewer: is it clear enough what kind of test we want for bug fix? Is "regression test" make it more clear?

Author: added clarification 

```
- If fixing a bug, we would like a [positive test](./tests/README.md#different-categories-of-tests).
- If addinga a new VU, we **need** a [negative test](./tests/README.md#different-categories-of-tests).
```

1. All values related to the error message
2. Explain the logic that got to that error

> 3. Don't repeat the VU from the spec (it gets repeated afterwards)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Don't repeat the VU from the spec (it gets appended to the custom error message)
```

- Begin subject line with a one-word component description followed by a colon (e.g. `build:`, `docs:`, `layers:`, `tests:`, etc.)
- Separate subject from body with a blank line
- Wrap the body at 72 characters
- Capitalize the subject line

* Write additional layer validation tests that explicitly exercise your changes.
## Writing good error messages

* Feel free to subject your code changes to other tests as well!
We have a `--print-vu` option in the test suite to view how a VU looks like.

We will be strict to enforce any new VUs added have a good, well written error message. It should contain:

1. All values related to the error message
2. Explain the logic that got to that error
3. Don't repeat the VU from the spec (it gets repeated afterwards)
4. Leave no doubt to the developer that the error message is not a VVL bug

* [How to setup tests to run](./tests) and [overview for creating tests](docs/creating_tests.md).
## Testing Your Changes

`TIP`: It's ideal to test your changes in a fork and let Github Actions verify your changes before making a PR.
- [How to setup tests to run](./tests)
- [Overview for creating tests](docs/creating_tests.md).

> #### **Special Considerations for Validation Layers**

Author: this is all covered in the `./docs` folder, this page should short and sweet "how" to make a PR, not "how VVL works"
